Update format.md (#281)
fireeye/capa-rules: doc/format.md

By convention, the rule name should complete one of the following sentences:
  - "The program/function may..."
  - "The program was..."

> To focus rule names we try to omit articles (the/a/an).

Author: My preference, but happy to debate this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To focus rule names we try to omit articles (the/a/an).
For example, prefer `make HTTP request` over `make an HTTP request`.
```

> When the rule describes a specific means to implement a techinque, this is typically specified by "via XYZ".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the rule describes a specific means to implement a technique, this is typically specified by "via XYZ".
For example, `make HTTP request via WinInet` or `make HTTP request via libcurl`.
```
